today i'm going to explain a crime
thriller film called leon
the professional spoilers ahead watch
out and take care
in a restaurant in little italy two men
discuss a target
the man smoking a cigarette laid down a
photo of the man he once dead along with
the details on when he'll be in the city
the other one clad in black and wearing
circular sunglasses
says he'll take care of it he finishes
his glass of milk and leaves the
restaurant
in a hotel lobby mr jones walks up to
the elevator with a dozen or so
bodyguards covering him
he gets to the hotel room and meets with
a woman moments later
mr jones receives a call from one of his
men in the lobby
the man in black holds a gun to his face
he shoots him
alerting mr jones over the phone with
the sound of a gunshot
he calls up his men and tells them to
get ready the men take their positions
and begin to wait on the elevator as it
goes up the building
the elevator doors open and jones's men
start unloading on the figure that
appeared
after the haze of bullets and gunsmoke
had dissipated they realized they were
just shooting at the corpse of one of
their men
jones's men retreat from the door and
make preparations to escape
one of his men investigates the elevator
but he finds nothing there
when he heard the sound of gunshots
going off he moves to the staircase
as he leaned forward on the rails the
man in black suddenly pulls on his tie
then tosses him over and he plummets to
his death the entire struggle was
witnessed by another one of jones's men
through the security cameras and he
starts searching for the assassin
just then a hatch from the ceiling pops
open and a noose comes down to strangle
the man to death
meanwhile mr jones tries to make his
escape with only three men left
he orders them to check the terrace they
follow his orders
leaving mr jones inside suddenly a metal
door drops down at the terrace entrance
mr jones starts feeling terrified for
his life even more so when he hears
gunshots from the terrace
mr jones retreats further in the rooms
to take more guns and a telephone
desperate mr jones calls the police and
backs up into a closet
from the shadows leon the assassin
appears with a knife pointed at mr
jones's throat
even with a police officer on the line
mr jones is forced to hang the phone up
leon pulls out a piece of paper and
instructs mr jones to dial the number
written on it
when he does a man tells him to stay off
their territory and never come back
he reminds leon to make sure that jones
understands before letting him go
leon leaves and jones lives another day
before going home
leon drops by at the store and buys two
cartons of milk
on his way up the stairs he sees a 12
year old girl smoking a cigarette
leon asks about the bruise on her cheek
and she makes up an excuse about falling
off her bike
as leon goes inside three men walk out
of the girl's apartment door
stan the ringleader faces the end of the
hallway listening to music while the
others talk with the girl's father
they mention a 10 discrepancy in the
batch of drugs which the girl's father
denies having any knowledge over
one of the men says that stan doesn't
like being disturbed while listening to
music but he'll have to disturb him if
he doesn't tell the truth
still the father insists that he didn't
take it causing stan to be interrupted
the boss looks over glaring menacingly
at the father
he bizarrely approaches him then sniffs
him before lovingly caressing him
finally stan says that of course he
didn't he simply asks him to find out
who did by noon tomorrow
the two men go downstairs leaving the
father terrified
leon watches the exchange from a hole
within his apartment door
the following day the girl matilda
passes by leon in the hallway again
leon hands her a napkin because her nose
was bleeding from when her sister hit
her that morning
when matilda asks leon if life was
always that hard
leon says it is matilda then offers to
buy leon milk when she goes to the
grocery store
meanwhile at matilda's apartment stan
and his men return with more people and
guns
they bust open the apartment door and
kill matilda's family
when matilda returns she finds her
father dead on the floor with one of
stan's men by the door
she tries to keep calm and walks further
towards leon's door
having seen everything that happened
leon lets her in
back in her apartment one of stan's men
mackie notices their family photo and
when he realizes that there are three
kids
he immediately orders the men to search
for matilda but when stan and his goons
find the missing drugs
they leave the apartment matilda now
under the care of leon finds out that he
is a hitman
she tries to convince him to kill her
family's murderers but leon refuses
instead matilda suggests that he should
teach her how to be a hitman he tries to
decline at first
but matilda insists that he made her his
responsibility by saving her life
with that leon moves to a hotel to keep
her safe and he finally agrees to teach
her the basics
later on leon and matilda go to a
building rooftop to learn how to use the
rifle
he explains that beginners start with a
rifle because it's the weapon where
you'd be farthest from the client
leon shows matilda how to use the gun
and gives her a couple of pointers to
remember
they first practice by hitting people at
the park with a paint gun
he lets her choose any target but
reminds her no women no kids
matilda sets her sight on a man with a
bright tracksuit then takes her shot
it hits the man on the stomach and the
seven men around him react immediately
covering him with their guns out
surprised that matilda chose a big
weight by accident
leon decides that it's enough practice
for today
time passes with leon and matilda
growing accustomed to living together
leon trains matilda daily while she
helps out with daily chores
one day matilda complains that all they
do is train so she dresses up and
impersonates a few celebrities which
leon has to guess
as their bond grows leon starts feeling
parental towards matilda
later leon meets with his friend and
employer tony to ask for the money he's
been holding for him
since leon couldn't read before he let
tony handle his money without
questioning him
but things have changed now and leon
wants some of his money to help matilda
out
tony promises to give him his earnings
later than proceeds to tell him about a
new job
back at the hotel matilda tells leon she
might be falling in love with him
leon waves it off and leaves to do his
job meanwhile
matilda decides to go out as well she
goes to the lobby then gives the
receptionist a dull greeting
when the receptionist mistakes leon for
her father matilda decides to slyly drop
a bomb on him
saying that leon isn't her father he's
her lover she then abruptly leaves
matilda goes back to her old home where
her family was killed
she takes some of her things and a hefty
wad of cash hidden beneath the
floorboards
just then stan shows up along with a few
other police officers
matilda hides and listens to stan make
up a story about what happened there
she hails a cab to tail stand to the dea
office where she discovers that stan
is a corrupt cop later in their hotel
room leon drops in and presents matilda
with a gift
he bought her a dress but matilda
ignores him just then
the receptionist along with other hotel
staff knocks on leon's door
because of what matilda told him the
hotel receptionist kicks them both out
forcing them to change their lodgings
again leon is mad at matilda now but she
only takes out her 20 grand
then gives him stan's name and location